Add recipe to add Laravel Horizon to DDEV (#112)
drud/ddev-contrib: recipes/laravel-horizon/README.md

# Laravel: Horizon

This is an step-by-step guide to install [Laravel Horizon](https://laravel.com/docs/master/horizon) into your project.
This expects the project to already have an working laravel project.

## Steps

1. Install redis using
   the [service example](https://github.com/drud/ddev-contrib/blob/master/docker-compose-services/redis)
2. Configure the redis configuration in `.env`
3. Run `ddev composer require laravel/horizon`
4. Run `ddev artisan horizon:install`
5. Run horizon process in DDEV Installation

    * Option A: Run using nohup

>       Use the `dot.ddev/config.laravel-horizon.yaml`

Reviewer: Please add a little more detail here. This is great stuff, but people may not understand it. 
```suggestion
      Copy the `dot.ddev/config.laravel-horizon.yaml` into your project's .ddev directory, or incorporate it into your .ddev/config.yaml. This snipped uses a post-start hook to use artisan to start the horizon process. 
```

    * Option B: Run using supervisor

>       Use both `dot.ddev/web-build/Dockerfile` and `dot.ddev/web-build/horizon.conf`

Reviewer: This is a great example. Please add more detail on what you're doing here.  (Note that this can also be done using docker-compose.*.yaml to mount the horizon.conf)
```suggestion
      Copy the `dot.ddev/web-build/Dockerfile` and `dot.ddev/web-build/horizon.conf` into your project's .ddev/web-build directory. This causes the build process to add the starting of the horizon process to the startup of the container (managed by supervisord, which also starts nginx and php-fpm).
```

Author: Interesting suggestion, i have it locally like this;
`docker-compose.horizon.yaml`
```yaml
version: '3.6' 
services:
  web:
    volumes:
      - ./horizon/supervisord.horizon.conf:/etc/supervisor/conf.d/horizon.conf
```

Did you mean this by using docker-compose.*.yaml?

Reviewer: Yes, that's what I meant. Using that technique is an alternative to doing the Dockerfile.  Both are fine.
